feature/besluiten-api-create-besluit-bugs (#624)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major11/11.3.0/valtimo-frontend-libraries.md

## New Features

The following features were added:

> * **Ability to use value resolvers to set date in `Create Zaakbesluit` plug-in action configuration**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Support for value resolvers to set date in `Create Zaakbesluit` plug-in action configuration**
```

    
    It is now possible to use process variable or document json path to set `Starting date` and `Expiration date` in `Create Zaakbesluit` plug-in action configuration so that each besluit has its own start and expiration date.

## Bugfixes

The following bugs were fixed:

* **Plug-in action configuration can be completed without filling mandatory field**

>   `Create Zaakbesluit` plug-in action configuration can be completed without filling mandatory `Starting date` field. It is now fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `Create Zaakbesluit` plug-in action configuration can be completed without filling mandatory `Starting date` field.
```

This is in the bugfixes section, so if a bug is mentioned here, it only makes sense it's fixed. So there's no need to write that part down.
